- Previously on Star...
- Principal Sportswear just called.
They're looking for somebody
for their new campaign.
- So, what do they want me to do?
- New Orleans Pride.
Pick your face up off the
ground, Maurice. I'm back.
I can't wait to get in the
hotel with just you and me.
I got to go finish packing.
- Meet your grandson.
- Hey, Jayden. I'm Cotton.
Thought I was going
to meet my dad.
Y'all been getting
furniture all week.
Could you listen
to a song I wrote?
You could give it to
someone at the label.
- What's going on with you?
- Meet Natalie Knight.
Your girl is getting kickbacks.
Carlotta...
Why don't you give me that music
you wanted Maurice to hear?
The sponsor called.
Somebody else caught their eye.
You.
The lawyer said my settlement
check came two weeks ago.
I was just trying to
spruce the place up.
With my money. I
got to move out.
I'm your dad.
I don't want to
come here anymore.
Get 911 now!
♪ Drop-top Porsche,
Rollie on my wrist ♪
♪ Diamonds up and
down my chain ♪
♪ Cardi B, straight stuntin',
can't tell me nothin' ♪
♪ Bossed up, now I changed
the game, you see me ♪
♪ It's my big Bronx boogie,
got all them girls shook ♪
♪ My big fat ass got
all them boys cooked ♪
- ♪ Went from dollar bills... ♪ -
I'm sure you've heard this before,
but you are simply
stunning, Alexandra.
Every shot: fire.
Yeah, she is stunning.
♪ Hit the Lil Jon, okay... ♪
Sure is.
I just can't shake Otis
and what he did to me.
And I can't believe I'm
opening up my heart to you,
and you're still concentrating
on Alex right now.
I can't believe that
we're at a photo shoot
for no damn reason,
practically invisible,
while Alex is on the
come-up, and you don't care.
Girl, calm down. We're
on the come-up, too.
Ayanna booked us
with  Hot Track Live,
and Sound House
is sponsoring us.
Ayanna's not doing
that for us, Simone.
She's getting this tour back
together for Noah Brooks.
That's it. I can't believe
that bitch is back.
Okay, Star, she ain't
a bitch, okay.
And regardless, we're opening
up for a national tour,
and this live TV performance
will get us there.
Can you imagine being
Noah right now?
This Principal Sportswear thing
was supposed to be his gig.
All right, y'all,
let's take ten.
I don't like being up there without them.
Just feels weird.
Yeah, okay, look,
you need to get over
yourself, all right?
Take in the spotlight.
You deserve this.
- You're right.
- All right?
Yeah.
♪ We got it goin' on,
got it goin' on... ♪
Do you mind holding Ms.
Crane's robe?
I need to get her a
sparkling water.
Who's he talking to?
- Thank you.
- Walk away fast.
♪ You know it, you know it. ♪
♪ I bring me ♪
♪ Get mine, 'bout
mine, go hard ♪
♪ Looking for another like me ♪
♪ Boy, stop ♪
♪ I bring me ♪
♪ Whose love is the tightest? ♪
♪ Whose kiss is the nicest? ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ Whose touch is the rightest? ♪
♪ I bring, I bring me. ♪
- Synced & corrected by
MementMori - www.addic7ed.com...
Hey.
- Thanks.
- How's Cotton?
Getting her blood drawn in
case Jayden needs surgery.
- I can't believe this mess.
- All them doctors,
and they can't figure out
why the boy had a seizure.
It's been three damn days.
Look at us... grandparents.
Worried about a boy
we don't even know.
Well, maybe it's our
do-over, Carlotta.
Maybe.
Bruce said he got a mouth on
him like Cotton used to have.
Oh, yeah. That kid is a jackass.
But he is cute. I'll give
him that, he's cute.
Hey, listen, if you want to
go and get the girls and Noah
TV-ready for the live show,
I got it covered here.
I already prepped
Andy and Angel.
Want me to call Maurice,
have him come pick you up?
Wow.
That man is stupid.
He had himself a dime.
You want me to take his ass out?
With your heart, old man?
I just got so much going on.
Cotton. The girls.
Now Noah.
I just can't let one ball drop.
Go home. My shift.
My heart ain't so bad
I can't sit here
and cover my grandpa duties.
Yeah. Okay.
So, Natalie, you hired
your own security firm
and charged my label.
It's called capitalism.
Natalie also got our artists
some great exposure.
Come on, all promoters get
kickbacks here and there.
Not on my watch.
You're both fired. Get out.
Bitch, please.
You sure about that?
I walk, they're off their
game for  Hot Track Live.
And you and I both
know they need to get
Sound House on board
for Noah's tour.
I just fired you, and
you're still trying me
with this cheap smooth talk?
Get out.
Oh, but I'm right. And
so is my A&R game.
I do it better than
anyone at this label.
See, you've been looking
for Midtown's crown jewel
since you got here.
I could help you find one.
But if you fire me, I
work for the competition.
Don't beg, Mo.
Bring me an artist to
back up your promises.
Or you're done here.
Wow.
I just got fired. You
just saved your ass.
Look, I put in too
much work here
not to fight for what's mine.
Now, I find the next big
thing, I make my name.
You know, I remember
when you used to be
all talk and cheap shoes.
Now, you're just hella arrogant.
And I know what I want.
Which is why we always
work well together.
So, where you gonna start?
The club. Internet.
I'm-a go old school,
like back in the day.
Or you could just look
right under your nose.
One of the Take Three girls...
the dark one, Crane...
I think she could be
bigger than her father.
Nah, nah, I'm not trying to
break up Carlotta's girls.
Do you remember that you
actually used to make us
call you Clive as interns? Yeah.
Get the Crane girl...
before someone else does.
Hey, how's it going?
Sorry, I'm late. I
was at the hospital.
They said everything
is going good,
but I got to get out of here and
rehearse for  Hot Track Live.
Okay, let me hurry these
knuckleheads along.
- Excuse me. How much longer?
- We're done for the day.
But the commercial shoot
has been moved up.
Day after tomorrow in Savannah.
Wait, when was somebody
gonna tell me?
Alex isn't even available.
We got a live
television performance.
I'm sorry, I'm just a P.A.
No, no, Carlotta, we can't
let the girls down.
No, I know. I'm-I'm-a fix it.
This  Hot Track Live thing
is way more important.
Hey, Carlotta.
I heard about Jayden.
Is he doing any better?
If it ain't about my
artists, keep it moving.
I still care about
you, Carlotta.
I bet you do, sweetie.
Now, go on and get some Jesus.
♪ All you need, even
if it's just... ♪
This Principal Sportswear
sponsorship is a big deal.
It'll open a lot
of doors for you.
Yeah, we know that.
- Who's we?
- Me and the girls. Who else?
Look around, this
is all about you.
- You're Alexandra Crane.
- Of Take Three.
You know I think Take
Three is hot as hell.
But I know you see
how things are
popping off for you lately.
Hey, you about to
give Camila Cabello
a run for her money.
Yeah, well, that's
not very hard to do.
I'm just saying. Time to
start rethinking things.
♪ Remember the way it felt ♪
♪ I swear, I can
still hear the... ♪
♪ Nights like this is
for taking flicks ♪
♪ Plus my booty look
bigger than usual ♪
♪ In this outfit ♪
♪ And the DJ spins ♪
♪ Cardi B is on ♪
♪ So we dancing on the tables ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, this my song. ♪
Take a selfie for
me on the plane.
- And, Alex...
- Yeah?
Remember, steal me some caviar,
'cause you know I love it.
- Simone, stop lying.
- Okay.
You love caviar, Simone?
Okay, tell me what's in it.
Exactly.
Look, I'll be back in time
for the show tomorrow.
Hey, I see your face,
and you need to stop,
because I got this.
I will be rehearsing
between every take on set.
- Mm-hmm.
- Promise.
- Hey, break a leg, baby. Mm.
- I will.
Yes.
Bye.
Man. Look at her.
Coming up in the world.
Yeah, she coming up, all right.
♪ Nobody knows the way you know
me and my convictions... ♪
You're obsessing over that
laptop like it's porn.
Nah, I'm looking to
break a new artist.
Really? I might have
something for you.
That roadie Jackson, he
writes and produces.
He gave me that. I
haven't heard it yet,
- but could be good.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wait up. So, you
ready for tomorrow?
Yeah. Simone and I
are getting ready.
Alex is...
being Alex.
That's got to be weird,
watching her jump
to the head of the
class like that.
You cool with that?
Everybody gets a time
to shine, right?
It's her turn.
Yeah, but what if she pops off?
What then?
Don't try to play me, Maurice.
Stay out of our business.
Focus on breaking
your new artist.
You're dropping
us from the show?
I have to drop someone... we
only have 12 minutes on air.
That's only enough
time for two acts.
Noah is a lock because I have
to get his tour up and going.
And he has "So Sick" with Alex,
so Take Three is a natural
choice for that second spot.
Have you seen the
Spotify charts?
We have "Can't Stop
Loving Her" soaring.
It doesn't matter. Alex is hot.
Noah's a name.
Yeah, my uncle's not
your favorite person.
This was purely a
business decision.
I'll give you two a few minutes.
This is not business.
No, see, this is on Jahil.
Damn!
Now we're paying
the consequences.
You know, as long as we're
getting repped by that snake,
we're gonna keep getting bit.
Maybe we split up to get free.
Bro... we weren't
signed as solo artists.
Yeah, what choice do
we have right now?
He's not here.
We got to make some moves. We
got to get from under him.
So, what do you suggest?
I don't know, man.
I think we got to split up.
All right.
Okay, I got to go, I'm, uh, I'm
late for a meeting at the label.
I'll, uh, I'll be back.
I told you, I don't want you
donating blood for Jayden.
I don't know where you've
been, who you've been with,
or what you're
walking around with.
You will not put your
blood in my son.
- You came looking for me.
- I was looking for Arnold.
Nakisha, you're a ho. You
is the biggest ho I know.
You practically raped me,
and I haven't even been
- with a woman since.
- Wait up, ain't nobody rape you.
Okay, ladies, stop, stop it.
All right? You're both
talking crazy 'cause
you're scared.
Jayden needs both his
parents on the same page.
He has one parent, and
I can make a choice
- on who donates blood.
- Well, actually, they want
the whole family to
donate if they can.
All right? Just in case
Jayden needs surgery.
You can donate.
But I don't feel comfortable
with Arnold or Cotton or
whatever you call yourself.
I'll be back.
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Time is up, bruh.
Ayanna wants to hear some of
your new music, and so do I.
Come on, Carlotta, you
know I don't work well
- under that type of pressure.
- Look, I'm an artist, too.
So I know what it's like to have
a tight grip around your music.
But you got to let go.
You said you had a new
song with Alex, right?
But it's not all
the way there yet.
Well, they want to hear some
new music on  Hot Track Live.
Tomorrow? On live TV?
Come on, I... I need more
time with my new stuff.
You didn't get the sponsorship.
That means this  Hot
Track Live performance
is the closest shot we got at
getting your tour back on.
And singing this DJ Khaled
song is gonna get me there.
Trust me.
You better knock it out
the damn park, boy.
You know I'm-a knock
it out the damn park.
I will.
What you doing here?
Somebody tried to break into
your grandma's house last night.
I don't know what you're telling him for.
What he care?
Grandma, that is not true.
I packed your things,
they're over there.
So, you're really
about to move in
with that little Mexican.
We're not moving in together.
I'm getting my own
spot, off Broughton.
But I heard a few houses
in the neighborhood
been getting robbed.
They just hit Ms. Dotson house,
about two blocks away.
You know they stole
her damn dentures?
You got to be pretty hard up
to steal somebody's teeth.
I mean, they  was gold-plated.
It ain't nothing but
them little gangbangers
hanging around on the
street like it's 1992.
Hey, y'all not
gonna say nothing?
What we supposed to say?
You know we can't
call the police.
You know ain't nobody doing
no snitching around here.
Hmm.
Mm.
Yo, Alex,
I sent you a song that I think
would be good for your voice.
Yeah, okay, I know you're
focused on Take Three.
Just take a listen.
It's worth it.
Hey, there you are.
So, how'd it go, huh?
I'm sorry I missed the
meeting earlier, nephew.
I'm not your nephew.
Ayanna dropped us
from  Hot Track Live.
What do you mean,
Ayanna dropped you?
What? I'll go talk to her.
I don't want you to do anything.
Andy and I are done;
we finally found a way
to get out of our
contract with you.
We're splitting up.
The hell you are. Look,
just take a beat, all right?
I realize you're upset.
But let me tell you something,
your act is too good
to let it go now.
I'll take my chances.
Stay out of my life.
Angel. Angel, come on.
You're dead to me.
♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ I'm-a play this song ♪
♪ While I do my photo shoot ♪
♪ Snap a couple pics ♪
♪ In the photo booth ♪
♪ Bathroom pics ♪
♪ It's a photo shoot ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a bad bad ♪
♪ And I know it, too ♪
♪ Mad pretty girls with me ♪
♪ Only two of them
be my day ones ♪
♪ It don't matter, though ♪
♪ 'Cause we out here
and we havin' fun ♪
♪ I ain't stressin' no fellas ♪
♪ Ain't worried about
'em, we got our own ♪
♪ Bottle girls all
on the table ♪
♪ Twerkin' on my camera
phone, and we lit ♪
♪ Nights like this
is for takin' pics ♪
♪ Plus, my booty look
bigger than usual ♪
♪ In this outfit ♪
♪ And the DJ spins ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, this my song ♪
♪ So we dancin' on the tables ♪
♪ Till the lights come on ♪
♪ I'm-a play this song ♪
♪ While I do my photo shoot ♪
♪ Bestie like, "Post
that pic on Instagram ♪
♪ "For that lurkin' bitch ♪
♪ And yo' ex-man,
'cause they watchin'" ♪
♪ And she right, though,
'cause she liked my pic ♪
♪ By accident about a week ago ♪
♪ She a silly ho,
but I'm petty, so ♪
♪ Talk to me nice, I ain't
even gon' block 'em ♪
♪ I'm-a let 'em both
keep watchin' ♪
♪ Sis, I'm lit ♪
♪ Nights like this
is for takin' pics ♪
♪ Plus, my booty look
bigger than usual ♪
♪ In this outfit ♪
♪ And the DJ spins ♪
♪ Cardi B is on, so we dancin' ♪
♪ On the tables, oh,
yeah, this my song ♪
♪ I'm-a play this song ♪
♪ While I do my photo shoot ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la... ♪
How's Jayden?
Uh, they still don't
know anything.
Hey, ain't it kind of late for
you to still be rehearsing?
Three million people are gonna
be watching us on TV tomorrow.
No such thing as too
late to be rehearsing.
You're nervous.
And you're bothering me.
What else is new?
I'm in a girl group.
And I'm in here working
my damn ass off
the night before a
performance by myself.
I see Alex popping off so easy,
and the only thing
I can think is...
that should be me.
You know, the first time
I sang for somebody,
I got pissed off, 'cause
they told me I was good.
"Good."
I didn't want to hear that.
I wanted to hear them
say I was great.
Listen to me, Star,
that fire right there,
that's your VIP ticket to
everything you ever wanted.
I saw that in you the first
time you ever sang for me.
You're the real deal, Star.
All right.
Well, I'm rehearsing.
So if you could
let me do that...
Oh, by the way, um,
you were a little late on
that last eight count.
Jahil, you know...
Just saying.
Damn it.
Neighborhood watch?
Trying to get yourself
back in the wheelchair?
You better be careful.
It's a flyer.
With your name on it.
You ain't got no street sense?
Stupid ass.
When you finish with
him, can you help me?
I mean, like, you can't
rush perfection.
- Ma.
- What you doing, Cott?
- Headed to the hospital?
- No.
Nakisha's still tripping
about me being there.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Could you...?
This is Alex, I
got to take this.
Just wait right here.
What's going on, Alex?
Well, when you
getting back here?
♪ Eventually... ♪
Yo, you done with him?
You can help me
with my flyaways?
Five dollars?
Boy, your career ain't
that much in the hole.
Man.
Cheap ass.
So, if y'all kill this, y'all
on your way to a national tour.
Guess I can say I
knew y'all hos when.
I'm sorry y'all got dropped.
It's cool.
Well, keep me updated. Bye.
- What happened?
- That was Alex.
The shoot is running
later than expected.
She's still in Savannah.
I mean, we're not
scheduled to start
the show for another
four hours, so...
I'm-a call Ayanna and
make arrangements
for the jet to be on standby.
Told you.
Shut up, Star.
- Where's Cotton?
- ♪ Maker ♪
♪ Meet your maker. ♪
♪ That should be
against the law ♪
♪ ...no... that's...
with your dawg... ♪
Damn, baby, you're about to
make me sweat out my edges.
Just trying to keep
up with your big ass.
Ooh.
♪ If you broke, that should
be against the law ♪
♪ I'm a real hustler... ♪
What's wrong with you?
- Why do you say that?
- I don't know.
Just distant all of a sudden.
It's probably just...
I got my music on
my mind, that's it.
What's going on?
Angel and I broke up, so...
I'm just trying to figure
out ways to get money
so I can get studio time
and finish up my E.P.
Huh.
♪ I'm living my life like
the rules of the game... ♪
I got you.
♪ Money with money with
all of my homies ♪
♪ Ain't... with none
of these broads ♪
♪ Hustling just to show out for these...
you lost... ♪
Think that'll be enough
to help you get started?
I'm not taking money from you.
I'm sure I can find a way for
you to return the favor.
Cassie...
Look, I'm a very
busy woman, okay?
You can run some errands for me.
♪ That's soft ♪
♪ Don't... no... that's...
with your dawg... ♪
Just tell me where to go,
and I'll get it done.
Okay.
But not so fast.
First, you have to put
your mouth to work.
Yes, ma'am.
♪ That's law ♪
♪ If you come up, don't
forget about your dawg. ♪
Without Alex, Hot
Track Live green-lit
Star and Simone to perform.
Take Three's not going
on as Take Two.
This is live TV.
I'm dropping Take
Three's performance.
Don't overreact, Ayanna.
These girls been working
too hard for this.
I'm sorry, Carlotta.
Give Noah the whole 12 minutes.
What if Alex shows up?
Noah has a new song with Alex.
He can close with her.
They're fire together.
All right, I'll have
him mic'd and ready.
So Alex goes to that
shoot, doesn't show up,
but she gets to
perform, and we don't?
That seems fair.
Star, it ain't her fault.
Well, then, whose
fault is it, Simone?
Star, don't forget: if
Noah gets this tour,
you open up for him.
Come on, keep it together.
I'm sick of this.
I'll take care of her.
Stay out of it.
What you gonna do, punch
me in my face again?
This is my job, Carlotta.
Take Three's success
is my priority,
and as your A&R, you
want me on your side.
You're trying to do too
much all the damn time.
- ♪ I'm not a narc ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Ridin', ridin' ♪
♪ All my homies ridin' ♪
♪ Heater tucked inside ♪
♪ In case the enemy collidin' ♪
- ♪ Ridin', ridin' ♪
♪ All my homies ridin' ♪
♪ Heater tucked inside... ♪
- What's up, man?
- What's up?
I got it.
What can I do for you?
Uh, here to get the
platinum wash.
♪ I need big things, swangin'
like I'm in Texas... ♪
You must be Cassie's new bitch.
What?
There ain't no bitches
over here, homeboy.
Relax, I'll take it from here.
♪ No, I'm not ignorin' you ♪
♪ But sucka... I-I
gotta disregard ♪
♪ I just wanna have
a pot to piss in ♪
♪ So increasin' digits
is my only mission ♪
♪ Hit the dealership,
get a Cadillac ♪
♪ Hit a lick and then... ♪
Cassie love breaking
in a virgin.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Ayanna's going out
on a limb for you.
She wants that tour. So do we.
You got to fill the
whole 12 minutes.
That wasn't the plan.
It is now.
You got to adjust.
Man, I-I'm not ready to debut my
new music tonight, all right?
Well, you better get ready.
♪ Snake hittas get no respect ♪
♪ I just do it for the love ♪
♪ Going hard, got no regrets ♪
♪ Sorry that I missed
your voice mail... ♪
Damn it.
You drinking again?
This is the reason Sound
House was hesitant
to work with you in
the first place.
It was just one drink.
I promise. Just to relax
from all of this.
That's it.
Ca...
♪ I know you mad, I know
you mad, I know you mad ♪
♪ 'Cause I got some
bad, I got some bad ♪
♪ I got some bad habits... ♪
Ayanna's stealing our
shot like it's nothing.
You'll always have a shot, Star.
You know why?
'Cause you're a killer.
You're sick.
Why don't you just
say what you know?
- No, we don't got to do this.
- Yeah, we do.
You know exactly
what I did to my mother.
I told you.
And you been walking around
like you don't know nothing,
like everything's normal.
Yeah, you've been
to the dark side.
A lot of artists have.
That pain, that inspires
some incredible work.
Run this game on some
other bitch, Maurice.
Yeah, well, you know Alex, she's
making a name for herself.
That's got to hurt.
The question is,
what are you gonna
do to stand out?
Hey, J.
I brought you some juice.
I only let my mother call me J.
Well, she's your mother, too,
all right, and she
cares about you.
We all just want
you to get better.
He's really hot.
I'm gonna go get Dr. Fisher.
Am I gonna die?
Listen, kid.
I know you don't
know me very well,
but...
I know that there's
a lot of people
out there that love you, okay?
Especially Cotton.
And, hey, I'm your
grandpa, right?
I'm not gonna let you die.
Okay? I promise.
♪ Make somebody say ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Make somebody
say ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪
say ♪ - ♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Make somebody say ♪
♪ You feel it when you're
dancin' with your hands up ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪ - ♪ Don't
worry 'bout a thing ♪
- ♪ Just let it all
go ♪ - ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I know I can make
somebody say ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
- ♪ Make somebody
say ♪ - ♪ Whoa. ♪
Thank you.
All right, so, uh,
I guess I'm-a follow with,
uh, one of my old joints,
a classic, "Pull Up."
♪ It's 2:00 in the morning ♪
♪ And I'm through with what
I got to do so, yeah ♪
♪ Driving through the city in an
old-school Chevy low pros... ♪
We'll get another chance.
What if we don't?
Star...
♪ ...like a you know what ♪
♪ For some of that
you know what ♪
♪ But you playing games and
I ain't gonna take it ♪
♪ Pick up, pick up ♪
♪ I know that it's
late and I'm faded ♪
♪ But, baby, get up, get up ♪
♪ SOS, 911, Mayday, Mayday ♪
♪ Emergency code red ♪
♪ Baby, baby, I know where the
spare is for such an occasion ♪
♪ Come through, tie you up like
a straight home invasion... ♪
I'm here. Where are the girls?
I got to talk to them.
No, no, no, all you... you
just got time to change
- for "Aim x Shoot." Come on.
- Okay.
- Can you hold this for me?
- Yeah.
Okay.
♪ Touch you like you've
never been touched ♪
Hurry up.
♪ You dealing with
a real one here ♪
♪ Never gonna need another fix ♪
- ♪ Never, never ♪ -
♪ I got everything ♪
♪ That you need, you
know I would... ♪
Do you need some help?
Well, hurry up, girl.
I'm trying. But I can't
get this zipper.
- ♪ ...loved ♪ - ♪
When I pull up ♪
♪ Touch you like you've
never been touched ♪
♪ When I pull up ♪
♪ You dealing with
a real one here ♪
♪ Pull up, you dealing
with a real one here. ♪
Thank you.
So, uh...
I'm, um...
I'm gonna, tonight I'm gonna
sing a new song for you.
The song is starting.
Come on now.
- I'm coming. I'm almost done.
- Come on, come on, come on.
- Hope you like it.
- Noah's expecting you on stage.
♪ ♪
♪ You've been tryin' to ♪
♪ Take all ♪
♪ My energy... ♪
Where's my mic? Where's my mic?
♪ But I'm just tryna do me ♪
♪ Took your time to ♪
♪ Make sure I lose ♪
Look who we have here.
♪ But you could never break me ♪
♪ No, I ain't ♪
♪ I ain't ♪
♪ No, I'm not the same, no, no ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yee ♪
♪ I swear that I've changed ♪
♪ Can't wait to the day ♪
♪ Hey, yay ♪
♪ When I break away,
when I break away ♪
♪ So take your aim ♪
♪ And shoot ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm bulletproof ♪
♪ Give me everything
that you got ♪
♪ Do your best ♪
♪ And take your best shot ♪
♪ Aim ♪
♪ Shoot ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm gon' pull through ♪
Uh.
♪ Do the worst you can do ♪
♪ I can't lie ♪
♪ No, I steal the show ♪
♪ When I'm in my in my element ♪
♪ You don't know just who
you're messing with ♪
♪ You can try ♪
♪ But you can't control ♪
♪ What's for me is what ♪
♪ I'll end up with ♪
♪ So do your best, but
you can never win ♪
♪ No, I ain't ♪
♪ I ain't ♪
♪ No, I'm not the same ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Yee... ♪ -
What is she doing?
I don't know.
♪ ...that I've changed, can't
wait till the day... ♪
She's being Star.
♪ Hey, yay ♪
♪ When I break away,
when I break away ♪
♪ Every day, every
night since then ♪
♪ I've been waiting
on the battlefield ♪
♪ Waiting on the moment ♪
♪ To take on you ♪
♪ Got my troops,
we're hand in hand ♪
♪ If we fall, we'll
get up again ♪
♪ Got a mission
that I'm gonna do ♪
♪ So take your aim and shoot. ♪
Give it up for Star.
Give it up for Noah Brooks.
I'm sorry, Alex.
Maybe she thought you
weren't here yet.
No, no, she knew.
- We killed it.
- All right,
- all right. I see. That was crazy, it was.
- That was crazy.
You're garbage.
Alex. Wait.
Yeah, you know what, Star,
- you took it way too far this time.
- Why, Simone?
'Cause I filled in for her? Or
'cause I sang with her man?
Star, when are you gonna learn?
How many more people
do you have to hurt?
Y'all gon' have to raise your
damn selves for a minute.
Can you do that?
♪ Do you remember me? ♪
♪ Me and my goons bare arms... ♪
I don't even know who
you are right now.
And you don't need
to know who I am.
What you need is cash.
That's why I gave you
an opportunity to earn.
No, you gave me an opportunity
to be your personal drug mule.
You know what? This was a
freelance gig, all right?
Here.
You don't even have
to pay Uncle Sam.
♪ Poppin' bottle after
bottle, yeah, we tow it up ♪
♪ Ya girl give me the eye ♪
- ♪ 'Cause she want a thug... ♪
- You're welcome.
♪ 'Cause you don't
want it with us ♪
♪ We known to get it
poppin', get it jumpin'... ♪
Thank you.
Yo, I got to take this.
Run the shower. I'll
meet you there.
Hello?
- Yeah, you got another job?
- ♪ So sick, make 'em throw it up ♪
Good.
♪ Need a sip, tell
em pour it up ♪
♪ So sick, baby, throw it up ♪
♪ Me and my clique... ♪
What are you doing here?
I mean, I'm...
I'm glad to see you.
Are you okay?
Nah.
Look, if it makes you
feel any better,
we didn't get to
perform either, so...
Me and Andy broke up just to get
out of our contract with Jahil.
Everything I worked for is over.
And, you know what,
everything leads back to him.
I grew up...
looking up to him.
And I can't even trust him.
I can't trust anyone.
You can trust me.
I know that we haven't
been talking, but...
I want to trust you.
But you keep a lot
of things inside.
Yeah, well,
there are some things...
that are not so
easy to talk about.
Whatever it is, I can handle it.
I promise.
Well, okay.
My, uh...
my foster father...
Otis...
he...
he did some things...
that...
that I didn't want him to do.
You don't have to
say anything else.
Okay.
I love you.
Star reminded me of Etta James.
She was open,
raw, ready.
The crowd loved her.
So why are you
trippin', Maurice?
You already have your Star.
Yeah, Carlotta would flip
if I push Star to go solo.
But Star, that girl,
she's a force to
be reckoned with.
Do I walk away from that?
You love Carlotta.
You can't even hide it.
I don't want to hurt her.
So you're willing to
sacrifice your career
for her feelings, Mo?
You're acting like a newbie.
Star wouldn't
just give you Midtown.
She's capable of
delivering the world.
You know that.
Sorry I'm late.
Sorry.
I was just explaining that
Jayden's kidneys
are shutting down.
We have to stabilize him
and then begin dialysis.
What does that mean?
You gonna have to find
him a new kidney.
Mm-hmm.
- He could have one of mine.
- No...
- Bitch, that's my child, too.
- Cot.
It doesn't matter.
Unfortunately, neither
of you is a match.
I've already put Jayden
on the UNOS list,
so now it's-it's
just a waiting game.
Doc, in the meantime,
you can test me. And
anyone else we know,
for that matter.
What you doing?
You're gonna hide
in here all night?
Yo,
thanks for having
my back tonight.
Course.
They ate it up. We're trending.
Yeah, I saw that,
but I didn't see any tweets
about how good the song was.
Oh, my God, Noah,
you're so sensitive.
It's some of your best work.
You don't need a tweet
to tell you that.
I was wasted when I wrote it.
Thought you were done with that.
So did I.
Old habits are hard
to break, right?
Noah! Noah! Are you
stepping out on Alex?
Are you and Star together?
Is she inside?
- It's not even like that.
- But you just sang with her.
Is she replacing Alex?
Look, she just filled in, all right?
That's it.
Nobody can replace Alex.
No-Noah! - Noah, Noah,
what is your relationship
status with Alex?
What did you think
of her performance?
It's my job as your
manager to protect you.
You need to be in rehab.
- What? Come on.
- Look, you heard me.
We got to figure this out.
Sound House saw your performance
on  Hot Track Live, and
they loved your new song.
They want to hear
your entire album.
Really?
Uh, that's-that's amazing.
- O-Okay.
- I told you.
It's all good.
Congrats, Noah Brooks.
You're one step closer
to a national tour.
I-I can't believe this.
Whatever the hell you've
been doing to get here,
keep doing it.
Because it's working to finally
get you back on top.
Oh, my God.
I'm ready.
You sure? We can wait
as long as you want.
You said you love me, right?
Yeah.
God, that's Miss Carlotta.
Go, go, go.
I mean, what difference
does it make now?
- Everything's on the table already.
- Go, go. Just go.
I'm not here.
Are you Angel Rivera?
Yeah.
Please sign here.
What is it?
It's a letter from Immigration.
They denied my DACA application.
I got a notice to appear.
Where have you been?
At the label, right?
- I'm sorry. This week has been crazy.
- This week?
My whole damn life.
First, it was the music.
Then Mary. Then Mary's girls.
Now Noah. I needed
you this week.
- I know.
- I blame you for this.
- Hey, don't talk to your mother like that.
- When I ran off
to be with Grandma, you told me
don't come back until
I became a man.
So I tried to be a man,
and I got with Nakisha
for you, so that you
- would take me back.
- I'm sorry.
Now my son is about to die
because I tried to be
something that I wasn't.
Jax?
What's up?
This is your track?
Yeah, it was, um... I was hoping
Take Three would consider it.
Let me have it.
You for real?
Your voice on this
would be crazy.
You think... you think Star's
gonna be cool with that though?
I can't worry about
how she feels.
Not anymore. This is business.
So let's get started.
Okay.
I got your next solo artist.
Mm-hmm. I'm about to close
the deal right now.
♪ I'm not the same, no ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yee ♪
It'll get the people talking,
which is a good thing.
Scoop-ish will run it tomorrow.
♪ Hey, yay ♪
You sure it's a good idea?
♪ When I break away ♪
I'm sure about you, Star.
Now it's time to see
what the world thinks.
♪ Got my troops ♪
♪ We're hand in hand ♪
♪ If we fall, we'll
get up again ♪
♪ Got a mission
that I'm gonna do ♪
♪ So take your aim and shoot. ♪
You must be out of your damn
mind thinking you
can run game on me.
We didn't shortchange you,
- and that's on everything.
- You know what?
Why am I missing 15 G's?
What the hell?
We're almost done here, baby.
Cassie, listen...
Nah.
Let's get the hell out of here.
I said move, boy.
- Synced & corrected by
MementMori - www.addic7ed.com...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org